Fix ColladaShapes colors and orientations (#4172)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/mesh.md

The same search algorithm as for [ImageTexture](imagetexture.md) is used (cf. [this section](imagetexture.md#search-rule-of-the-texture-path)).
Absolute paths work as well, but they are not recommended because they are not portable across systems.

The `name` field defines which sub-mesh is included.
If the `name` value is an empty string then all sub-meshes are included.
Note that the `name` field is applied only for Collada files.

> The `materialIndex` field defines which color of a sub-mesh is included.
> If the `materialIndex` value is strictly negative then all colors of the sub-mesh are included.
> Note that the `materialIndex` field is applied only for Collada files.

Reviewer: That seems clearer to me:
```suggestion
The `materialIndex` field applies only to Collada files.
It defines a material for which all the geometries associated with this material will be included.
If `materialIndex` is strictly negative then all the geometries of the Collada file are included.
```
